Five hundred thousand
because I'm going to the post office
to allow you to
print postage for any letter or
package using a computer and printer
a four week trial plus a one hundred ten dollars bonus
offer including postage and a digital scale and click on the microphone at
the top of the home page and type in.
And
welcome
all
about
and later in the show we'll check in with one couple in particular just a heads up since we're talking
about relationships love sex and everything in between some of the material and language in
this episode.
Experiences
many of us have in our journey through the world of
dramatic can't think of anything
but
love and nothing illustrates this better than reading a love letter written by
a
teenager or better yet having an adult read
a love letter he wrote as an who couldn't be with his
words woman of his dreams. So this first
group called Grown up. They wrote
and what you're about to hear is a grown up. Dave reading a
letter his seventeen year
old Alfred to a girl he spent two summers with at camp. In front of a live audience.
Dear Julia before I begin I want to know that nothing you've done brought on what I'm about to say it's obvious by
now that you know how much I love and care for you I don't even know exactly what it is that brought on this
crazy adoration for you but whatever it was it worked. This is a one of those love letters more
of a way for me to be able to live my life normally rather than always upset and crying because I
can't be with the
kids I love you I love absolute everything about you I love your smile
I
love your eyes the love hugging you I love your sense of humor. I love how you deal with problems by saying fuck it I
mean I love your nose.
Ears eyes and mouth. I really can't get enough of you this letter so far might seem will too
intense
but my only way of relieving his passion that it had inside me for three years now when you
and I hooked up after going to the peel pub. It was the happiest moments in all my
life. The night before when I couldn't get it
out the
night before when I couldn't get up it wasn't because I was tired and stoned. It was because I was so happy and in love that I
was thinking that I was even thing about sex.
I was thinking that I was kissing you that's really all I need to be happy when
we're there is has the second night I was holding you in my arms and we were sitting on the floor there was
a point while fooling around that I opened my eyes and looked up to you and I swear I could have started crying
right there
because it was me holding you that night I told you Jeff was coming to pick me up that
was a lie. I lied because I was so happy after being with you that walking home from stairs was
nothing I practically skipped
tone and God knows I live far from
her first
I decided that the only way for me to be relaxed about us was to not call you and hope that eventually I would
get over you but I value our friends. More than any one of my best friends and I can not talk to you.
I'm also having very mixed feelings about you and other
guys
here because I know we're not together and I know there
will always be other guys but when I picture you with someone else I get butterflies in my stomach like you want when you want
to stay with Mike for the football game. I can hardly sleep until I smoked a joint to forget about
everything
because I knew you were going to hook up with him but what if you
know. I've never felt like this this way about anyone in
my entire life. You're the shit in my world. It's not going anywhere. I love you more than anything and I can't
stop typing because I don't think I could ever truly show you how I feel but I think there's a
satisfactory job.
JULIA.
I love you in every sense of the word and I really don't think anyone could ever love me the way. I do if any guy you
ever date later puts you down or pisses you off. Don't stay with him because of PICK ME UP know the nicest
sweetest cool and most beautiful girl in the world is being treated like shit my number seventy five
natural.
Remember cliche because anytime in life you need a lover someone to care for you call because I want you to know I
always will. I can't write anymore because I can't stand thinking about you just
no big bull that David Keystone doesn't always will love Julia.
P.S. I didn't write his letter to upset you in any way shape or form. I just had to let you know how I
feel I'm sore for making it so personal but that's what true love will do to a person.
I mean I have to be honest with you guys. The thing about Dave's
letter is it reminds me
of a lot of things that I wrote on my Live Journal not so nice cool.
Which is actually even more embarrassing because Live Journal just like open and all
your friends can.
So it's not just like a gave myself the dignity of just like a writing these like long
angsty reflections and then just sending them to one. Or Sen. No I posted mine on the
Internet for everyone that I knew and went to school with to see.
So eventually I grew out of the letter writing phase are you know I guess
angsty Live Journal posting phase and they did too you know which is why he was able
to be a grown up that was reading a letter that he wrote as a kid I hope actually that he gets out of
that but you know we all moved into adult dating which
is I mean I've had some I've had some moments of good luck with dating as
an adult but I would say that most of it has been pretty terrible and you know it's one of those
things where it's like some people are out there looking for the person that they want to spend the rest of their life
with and other people like myself are just looking for somebody tall good looking with central
air to hang out with during the summer time. It's just it's kind of just this mess of
like consistently unmet expectations.
The other thing is I guess to kind of throw a wrench into the whole operation. There's no real way to meet new
people as an adult you know I mean people at summer camp like Dave no longer meeting people
at
school after a while you run out of new people to meet through work if you're anything like me you've dated
all of your friends friends. So you know what do you do when you've dated everyone that you know.
And that's a really big question so I figured who better to ask about how to find your
person than our Head of people
operations. Katie Christensen Hi Britney. Hi Katie welcome to the show. Thank you the
head of people operations is a rather started be a nebulous title. Please for our
listeners at home who may not know what that means. What do you
do my job is basically to make sure that we are attracting
and recruiting
and hiring the best possible people to come market gimlet and then also once people
are at Gimblet to make sure that they feel like this is the absolute best place in
the world to
work. So are you currently involved attached. I am. How did you
meet this person so lucky fellow this lucky fellow Jim and I have been together for about a
year and we met
on. The World Wide Web on OK Cupid you know honestly I'm
a big believer in OK I don't believe in meeting people in real life that I just don't
like I want to know I like I want to see like can you write Are
you interesting.
Are you funny. Do you have weird perspectives on thing. Sometimes I like to do a little bit of
like prescreening all over pre-work I am so glad you brought that up. It's totally in
line with our next clip that comes to us from a show called Star talk radio
that's hosted by astrophysicist Neil de Grasse Tyson who gets for this episode
is this love researcher Helen Fisher she is a biological
anthropologist and she's also a senior researcher at the Kinsey Institute.
She also happens to be a scientific advisor to Match dot
com So Dr Fisher is talking about online dating with Neil de Grasse
Tyson and his co-host for this episode comedian Chuck
Nice if you go on these dating sites. It does require some work. You know first of all lower your
standards when in doubt lower your standards right you're giving up you know I'm telling you I think
of reasons to say
as he was a huge part of the brain that enables us to overlook the negative in Focus on the
positive all the time but one of the problems when you're meeting people online is you know so little about them when
you start out that you overweight those few things that you know the more you get to
know somebody the more you like them. You've got to give people a chance. You
know you know that is a chemical thing because and I know I'm probably going
to get in trouble if I say this. I'm the same you can edit this track
Ok here is the truth. I have often that and said
to myself why after I had eighteen years of
marriage to stop it or OK I will protect shock from still
going to put enough the you
know back away from the microphone.
If I were to put it down on paper. You know I should not be in. Love.
Yeah I should not even really I should not be woman I love her to
death and there's nothing she can do that's
wrong and if I were to actually go and see all the stuff that. I
probably would be like No I don't like that no I don't go. So if you if you
know you deconstruct as I grew a shock not
related to nothing there but in total it's working for you my God it's the best thing ever happened to me. So how
him
since we've got a guy. We have to
defeat talk your lying to yourself where you are now I know here you are also a lot
in love with your wife. However always looking the negative and that huge part of the brain that enables you to do
that and bless it.
So if you do have a list of what you like in someone and then you put it on one of these websites
and then you find someone that matches it. The premises. That's your that's your soulmate.
But what Chuck is saying is if you laid out the
inventory then. No he would never met her in this room. I
would have never met her that's what I
read Larry are really know you wouldn't matter but one would never meet her there are things
about that woman that you really like that going deep into you
love
map and what of these websites. There are matching people up. And slicing and dicing
them the bottom line is these are not dating services these are introducing services. The
only true algorithm is your own human brain. So the faster you can get out and meet the guy or
girl in the bars the way the street you know is just giving you a whole range of
people and then you gotta do the job and that's what's really really
would you agree that if you preprocess if you proscribe.
What you think you're going to be attracted to that is greatly restricting your
options who probably you could meet had least twenty thirty a potential for that you're right. Listen
staying at home and looking for somebody on the couch is certainly going to not do much for your
options. So Katie I have found through
both dating and hiring and recruiting people watch our show. Shockingly similar process.
I always thought they were. Speak more I thought they were similar. So I have
learned that there are some people out there who are programmed and hard
wired to only want to see what they want to see in other people so they look at
either resume or they see a an online dating profile and they're like this person's amazing this person
did all these cool things this person can write in complete sentences Oh my God this is like amazing.
But you willingly ignore any sort of red flag until it's.
Slammed into your face too late and then there are some people who are I think just
naturally skeptical of any sort of process like that so whether it's online dating
and I don't know this like profiles kind of grows
like he were red shirted his picture and like guys that were red shirts or just like
Bowl or you know. And I say well it's like you know you can get a complete
picture of anybody from any piece of paper from the screen and so I really like her
advice about just going out and kind of. Getting to know the person like the sooner you can get
out
and interact with the person. And see whether or not they're actually insane or
actually really
nice like that's really all. Well how many how many relationships have you like seriously from ships have you been
in that start on line three. Wow There's just something that I really like about being
able to go on a site and got as I'm saying this it makes me
sound like I'm someone like I feel like a psycho like I feel like I'm sitting back
here like like like they're like visions of me like in a dark room like no growling being like
neck snow I've had incredible luck with I mean I don't know what terrible experiences yet
but I definitely have had incredible luck with online dating and I've had a lot of friends who
like met their husband or wife. Yeah. And later the mother or father of their
children like on the day. Yeah. Typically OK keep
it. There's something nice and like a little bit reassuring about being able
to see how someone presents themselves to the universe before you sit down and buy. I'm
a total proponent of
like exchange a couple messages. Like get it out of the way and no need to
like write novels back and forth for a year and then like go me for a beer or coffee it's like an hour and a half
of your life and if it sucks who cares. I have a question. Yeah so you said they got messages. Yes. Did
you message your current boyfriend first he must use First he message me
first actually after our first date. It was like on a Tuesday he texted me on a
Thursday but I carry around to I love to meet up and I was like I have plans of Scotsmen it
yeah but are you around this weekend and he's like yeah I might
have some people over to have some beers on my roof on Friday and I was
in the message and I was just like so I'm either no better
over there or that I never know I wrote back and other people like cheeky and I can like play this
game so I wrote back and I was like Is that an invitation and he just wrote back.
No period. What I literally sat my Like sat looking at my
phone like a while and was just like oh like
I was into this guy and now he's like trying to neg me. So I just wrote
back cool and then he wrote back. Just kidding of course it
is I know I had such a whiplash.
Oh now that I've known him for a year it was him just being like a
weird funny guy but in a way that I had no contact for
like super weird birds or do you know what you were doing what Helen Fisher said was she you were looking
for something to like yeah you have to we are all
flawed humans in this world and if you only look for the flaws you're only going to disappoint and that's
the gospel that I'm always trying to preach to other people and nobody wants to listen to me so I'm
really glad that you're able
to pop your worldly heart this ministry together brain and yes I'm so ready. Should we go upstairs and put in
our
notice no longer work in what neither one of us yeah you guys are on your own hope you guys
enjoyed sampler this is a lot safer.
Thanks so much to our director of people operations. Katie Christiansen for sharing her online
dating wisdom with us.
OK samplers we're going to take a quick break but first to recap what you have heard so far
the letter from a lovestruck teenager came from the show grown ups three things they were as kids
and the primer on meeting people online is from Star Talk Radio.
Coming up we are all going to set some relationship goals.
There's always that one person that comes up to us and says something to the effect of you
guys
have the perfect
relationship but we are always like no
oh no oh.
This episode a sampler is brought to you by Casper makes obsessively engineer
matcher says
a fraction of the price tag for combines two technologies latex foam and memory
foam to make it so you can have a good night's sleep and a good night of
dreams and on that note I'm so excited to present reply all host
Alex Goldman who is here because he's in a kind of dispute with his co-host
P.J. says that listening to other people tell you their dreams is really boring and I disagree. So I went to
our listeners and asked if people had dreams and I got hundreds of responses excited.
Here's over or named Ali And it says Hey Alex I've a dream for you everything was black for a while very
still and suddenly when I knew to be the voice of God said one
word or two
or she received a
message had I got one more from a woman named Rebecca and it says I walk into
the room to find Alan Alda. On his knees dismantling my aquarium.
Why he shouts at
me What. If you want to dream about
Alan Alda and also get a great night sleep get a Casper mattress try sleeping on
a catheter for one hundred days with free delivery and. Painless returns get fifty dollars toward
any mattress purchased by visiting Casper dot com samplers and using a promo
code sampler at
checkout the terms and conditions
apply this episode a sampler is brought to you by Blue
Apron blue apron delivers all the fresh ingredients you need to create a home cooked meal.
M. includes step by step instructions rose by producer roses and here. Rose did I
ever tell you that after college I moved to my parents for year and a half I did not know that my
parents realized very
quickly that I had learned how to cook when I was away at school and so then I
like became a house cook. I was cooking breakfast lunch and dinner and I was bringing my
mother breakfast in bed like almost every day I might join those three are
those like you know my Bob Short really hard all
her life she deserves breakfast in bed. The more I learn about your parents. I'm
convinced they need to have. Like a parenting teaching guidance might learn how to parent with birdies
aren't training your kids to cook for you like my parents did or
just use blue apron to cook for your family like normal people right now you can get
your first two meals for free at Blue Apron dot com slash
sampler that's blue apron dot com slash sampler blue apron a better way to cook.
Hi and welcome back to sampler in the first time for today's show we covered puppy love
dating in our talk about looking calm after
that marriage. I'd like to start off by introducing you to one of
my favorite married couples Danielle Smith and Elliott Olson they're both journalists
with decades of experience and they've both worked as editors of major music magazines.
Elliot X.X.L. and Danielle at Vibe. Oh and they
host a podcast together called relationship goals that they taped at their kitchen table.
Here's a
clip you post this story was I was in the fall of two thousand and fallible. While
the who didn't and I didn't know that bond of address in the park. John sees the carrots in the radishes
and everything
else. And when I was case and I was like why the salad ready.
It was gross and that with samples to ship in the US that is no Ross who did not
now believe back did. And if today was that there was a spirit that was probably very good he thought
that it was an olive oil some garlic and some lemons
usually time before going to fire why was it worth
stopping the street to
the right to come back to graze his glasses cases going anywhere near
foul salads No salads there's no salad Why don't you ever make me some face to
show this to share code because seriously I've been cooking in this marriage for ten
years could
be misread never really cooked and that stands someone who
was there for the next video.
Over bad a kid and I'm not holding back now I called him into the kitchen tonight I said Elliott might be to come
in here and air your keep That's
just the
right on Relationship Goals Danieli it
as they're sometimes called Talk about much more than the proper use of salad spinner's
they dissect their relationship and why it works.
They also talk about music writing and their dog growth whole disclosure I find
their pocket totally adorable and I really admire their commitment to letting it all hang out.
I want to figure out the secret to their relationship success. So I invited them to come in for
a little chat. They started off by telling me about how they
met Danielle with Eliot's
editor no way in hell did I ever think not them to marry and no I didn't I didn't even know if we
didn't know if we liked each other Mizar knew each other from John. But we never really got along.
Yeah we never Nevada law. We never viable and I was some people it wasn't like that thing of like oh they hate each
other so that kind of proves they like each other it was this kind of
like all right. It was a little
bit like Hi Ali Harzi now seventy Atlanta
is later tonight is later going to go to fast for that group. Yeah I
know. And and then I just saw him at a
birthday party. After light had been years and I hadn't seen
him in person in like two or three years always different.
Well the main thing that was different is he had taken the Choros out of this
is really working for me in terms of cuteness.
I mean I
love a good core role but it just wasn't working recalled It was not working
for Elliott and
so you know it was. It was a real moment for me because I saw him and I was like I remember saying to
my friend
has always been Q. and she
was like I don't know and I said OK but he's really cute right now and she was
like I don't know what's wrong with you because you haven't even had anything to drink yet
so I went I went over there and I was
like What's up with the Koran like this is my super mac move right. I'm
like so I see how your hair you know all sassy like stop time or whatever touch
in my head yeah. If I could tell the story that I would definitely tell that part
but I was like Yeah it looks really you
know great it's about time you cut it or whatever and I did touch and I was like
So what's the occasion you like why did you do it and he was like that like I
did and. And then he goes he goes
My grandmother just passed
away
and she never did like the cornrows
and I didn't want to wear them to her funeral and I definitely didn't want her looking down from heaven I
mean thing in her school
rose and I was like OK
wow like we went on a couple of times and New York and then I was going to San
Francisco to teach Barry to teach for a month
and I told him that he'd said in passing I'll come visit you while you're out there and I you know
I thought that was the usual kind of B.S.. Yeah from dude. And he
called me like the day before I was going he was like so I booked my flight and
I may need you to tell me where this day. And I was
like watched because I had a little
like corporate partners something there so he comes to San Francisco
and when I say. We hadn't really become
any in any kind of
way you know what I'm yeah yeah yeah you know I had like a guest in
town and it was. It really had to be
like the first like day and a half we did not enjoy each other's company. It was super awkward.
We were irritating each
other if we hadn't had like the next day were we kind of had to see each other and then the
next day after that we kind of had to see each
other I don't know if it would have popped off and honestly the last day you got food poisoning that
we had taken to marriage. I had sent an emergency and said no but in
general truth. It was at the hospital emergency room that I was
like OK he's a real person and I
just felt tied to him now it took a while for things to really kind of even work out
once we got back to New York but it's been on since pretty much that ever
since
then pretty much a foot I think yes it
was in any case. Any case it took a minute but then you know if you got married.
You know it was probably a year and a half after that well I know well yeah so we're not merely a year and a half after the
great food poisoning incident how do you as a
married to an after your ten a half years. That's beautiful. So why she
start a pod cast the why pod cast about your marriage did you get the both done phone so many other
things
well one of the dude prevailing thing was us trying to figure out how to work together we
were good at competing against each other. A year in our marriage. I was still
addicts excel. She got off the job to go back to vibe and be a chief So then we worked
compete against each other which was really fun for but she knew we
was we knew the point we were doing it with their newlywed So we wanted
so we would fight over to our covers
and never speak about it and then put magazines out and then be able to talk about the magazine.
Once they're out. It's great that like at the time we were running the two premier urban hip hop men
yeah yeah yeah kind of going for the same thing and it's like in this well you know doesn't even matter anymore
to the different lane so they ought to be great not to be great is less of a thing of
us being looked at a competing for the same things I think that's helped immensely in like we still have our differences.
But the end of the day we both want each other then
when the Like a lot of times it's all in our out together. There's always that one person that comes
up to us and says something to the effect
of Oh my God it is so great to meet you.
You guys have the perfect relationship
and I got this want my relationship to be
like your relationship and Elliot and I are always like
no no like we have a great
relationship is by no means perfect. Yeah. And we work on
it all the time and it's fun but it's really
hard that you can't really say that to a person like you know The Times is like in the bar or
whatever so we wanted to talk about the fact that you know because people say oh did something and they would
say you guys are my relationship goals and that's why we need that because we're like we need to explain to
you that relationship was like that well
yeah way but like I mean you know not to sound exactly like the person who's always approaching guys in
the bar but one of the things that like I was new I pretty much every single week and
it's really
comforting like my parents a man for thirty six years and they have a similar dynamic
where they're always kind of like talking with each other poking fun at each other and like listening to your show was
the first time because I'm not where I'm twenty and I venture I would like to get married in the future
but is that is that you kind of has to do you know I mean because like
it's not easy it's not like a cakewalk or anything like that but hearing the way you guys go back and
forth is kind of
like this maybe something like that source you
know something or think I'm always I know for the what you want it can be really good.
Yet it was
you know. I think what a show that it never stops being work is the marriage is the most
like an incredibly challenging but rewarding experience you could have and I think
that we showed up but you still got to deal with this like the
person whose feelings are prominent not just shown films a promise
her feelings of dop your partner's feelings. You know prominent and then you have this thing that
should joined
in that always stays bigger than both of you in a sense.
I know you know what I wasn't but I know if I do say
so
my speech but the
body isn't what I make you
really love
each other to death. And I think that but we also respect the hell out of each other still and I think that we
keep learning that respect and owning that love from each other and that's why I keep in the through the forward.
How has having a pod cast about your relationship right that a lot of other people can
hear how has that affected your life and shape how to change the
relationship. I think some things can be magnified when you're
kind of for lack of a better term performing your marriage
Yeah and and there's this thing where I think I
get embarrassed much more easily than Elliott does
and just more self-conscious than he is
about you know presenting myself and presenting our marriage and so some
of being on the podcast for me has made me sort of shrug my
shoulders to some of that morsel and sort of be like well you know life is life.
This is us and people can like it or not like I haven't always had that
attitude and I think I'm getting a little bit more of that and I think it's good
but then there's other things that I feel like I said are magnified like. Alice is really
sarcastic
and on a daily basis. It's so fun but then on
the part I feel like he's the more sincere. You know I like but if things
are magnified big. If you feel like you're doing in front of people and
it's going to be you know like the executive producer the pockets in this
and also the performer. So I feel like you know we kind of go by
what Danielle thinks is cool enough overall a lot mostly across town
to what I'm seeing that my pension has legs and I'm like giving him the kind of
funny just ignore me.
I don't normally do it on
OK So relationship goals. Michelle ship told the
golden heart. I think it's fat a lot by the segment that you guys do
called tips in this era the interview you guys could please close
our conversation by providing our listeners with a relationship
tip Ellis. The worry about being right make it right. Like I
think sometimes you get so caught up in you don't agree on
something you have to be right there's really nothing to this noble prize you get the
winning argument you just really need you only argue because you want to have some type of understanding right. So yeah
sometimes I see with
me I will get caught up in I have to be right. I'm right and you're wrong. It's not really about that it's
just trying to figure out what you call and understand something I need if
you disagreed with how to move on so and how do you then make it right.
Oh just have rules of who's job is what in the house just don't change. Just let that be
a lifetime decision. So whoever's job it is to do the trash. That's a
job for life. I haven't taken the trash on to you and even when I was living in
California and it was living in New York. I
literally would try to save not taking the trash out so I
only had Davis Christmassy OK I got him yeah i Guy
Gavriel.
I know I'm not alone in thinking this but how teams are doing now in L.A. yet like they both have the same
job they're both in the same industry and it just really reminds me I know of any guys.
Scene of His Girl Friday when like Hildy Johnson.
And Walter Bernstein we get back together and they can just like investigate this together.
I could be totally alone in that but I really enjoyed talking to them and I really appreciate you guys
listening
today Thursday you heard clips from grown up three things they wrote as kids
Star Talk Radio and Relationship Goals soon after the credits for a
sneak peek of next week's show this episode was produced by Chris Cleary
Matthew Nelson roads read their op drama and myself.
It was edited by Caitlin Kenney anywhere structure and Peter Clowney special thanks to
Katie Christensen our theme music was made by Michael valiant and our Agnew's
it was made by Mark Phillips. Other original music in the show and by Dr Crossley
the show was mixed by Matthew bull and Rick
Kwan sampler is a production of media.
Thanks
our sponsor blue apron for less than ten dollars per meal blue apron delivers all the fresh ingredients you
need to create home cooked meals. Just follow the easy step by step instructions.
Plus each meal can be prepared in forty minutes or less right now you get your first two meals for free blue
apron dot com slash sampler that's blue apron dot com slash
sampler Thanks to our sponsor Casper an online retailer a premium actor says for a fraction of
the price.
Catherine has a risk free trial and return policy. You can try sleeping on a catheter mattress for one hundred
days with free delivery and painless returns get fifty dollars toward any matches purchased
now by visiting Kaspar dot com slash sampler and using the promo code sampler
at checkout terms and conditions apply.
Next week on samplers will take a walk to the Happiest Place on
Earth I was listening to what they were saying but in the background I was like wow there's Disneyland in
the background. I really wish these guys would shut up so that I could hear it I thought to
myself you know I could do this so much
better.